mr. mo-mo became terribly interested in
the molecular structure of water and
what effects it now water is the most
receptive of the four elements mr. Emoto
thought perhaps it would respond to
non-physical events so he set up a
series of studies applied mental stimuli
and photographed it with a microscope
looking fine Oh Oh can't I not busy got
a one-sample of water we drop about 0.5
ccs went each 50 petri dishes then we
take those 50 petri dishes and freeze
them in a freezer at minus 25 degrees
Celsius for about three hours you take
those frozen samples into a refrigerator
that is set at -5 degrees Celsius where
a microscope with the cameras set up
there we take photographs of each of the
50 water drops individually you first
take photographs of water that we did
not put any information then we take the
water with information and do the same
procedure just describe you take those
before and after photographs and compare
the differences
i when we projected the feeling of love
and thanks to water it made the most
beautiful crystal times like this I
think butter is at peace this first
picture is a picture of water from the
Fujiwara Dam and this picture is the
same water after receiving a blessing
from a Zen Buddhist monk
now in this next series of pictures mr.
Emoto printed out words taped them to
bottles of distilled water and left them
out overnight this first photograph is a
picture of the pure distilled water just
the essence of itself these subsequent
photographs as you can see are each
different this is the Chi of love and we
move along here to thank you and you can
see where he taped that to this bottle
here but if you read Japanese you
already knew that mr. Emoto speaks of
the thought or intent being the driving
force in all of this the science of how
that actually affects the molecules is
unknown except to the water molecules of
course and it's really fascinating when
you keep in mind that 90% of our bodies
are water
makes you wonder doesn't
if thoughts can do that to water imagine
what our thoughts can do to us